Add Video Llava (#29733)
huggingface/transformers: README.md

1. **[UnivNet](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/univnet)** (from Kakao Corporation) released with the paper [UnivNet: A Neural Vocoder with Multi-Resolution Spectrogram Discriminators for High-Fidelity Waveform Generation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.07889) by Won Jang, Dan Lim, Jaesam Yoon, Bongwan Kim, and Juntae Kim.
1. **[UPerNet](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/upernet)** (from Peking University) released with the paper [Unified Perceptual Parsing for Scene Understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/1807.10221) by Tete Xiao, Yingcheng Liu, Bolei Zhou, Yuning Jiang, Jian Sun.
1. **[VAN](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/van)** (from Tsinghua University and Nankai University) released with the paper [Visual Attention Network](https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09741) by Meng-Hao Guo, Cheng-Ze Lu, Zheng-Ning Liu, Ming-Ming Cheng, Shi-Min Hu.

> 1. **[VideoLlava](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/model_doc/video_llava)** (from YUAN Lab, Peking University) released with the paper [<Video-LLaVA: Learning United Visual Representation by Alignment Before Projection>](<https://arxiv.org/pdf/2311.10122.pdf>) by Bin Lin, Yang Ye, Bin Zhu, Jiaxi Cui, Munang Ning, Peng Jin, Li Yuan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **[Video-LLaVA](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/model_doc/video_llava)** (from YUAN Lab, Peking University) released with the paper [Video-LLaVA: Learning United Visual Representation by Alignment Before Projection](https://arxiv.org/abs/2311.10122) by Bin Lin, Yang Ye, Bin Zhu, Jiaxi Cui, Munang Ning, Peng Jin, Li Yuan.
```
Please link to abstracts instead of pdf :)
